Repo infra: Add PR template for Nomad (#1189)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/nomad_pull_request_template.md

This repo stores previous version docs in folders instead of branches. There are
no backport labels.  If you backported your code PR to previous branches, update
the docs content in the corresponding folders. For example, if the current
release is 1.10.x and you backported your code to 1.9.x and 1.8.x, update the docs content
in the v1.10.x, v1.9.x, and v1.8.x folders.
-->

## Description

<!-- Please describe why you're making this change and point out any important details the reviewers
should be aware of. 

Include the target release and prior versions if applicable.
-->

## Links
<!--
Please include links to GitHub issues, documentation, or similar which is relevant to this PR. If
this is a bug fix, please ensure related issues are linked so they will close when this PR is
merged.
Jira: [<jira-ticket-number>]
GitHub Issue: <issue-link>

The bot does publish a root-level link to the deploy preview, but it's nice to include a direct link to your content so the reviewers don't have to navigate to your pages.
-->

## Contributor checklists

Review urgency:

- [ ] ASAP (bug fixes, broken content, imminent releases)
- [ ] 3 days (small changes, easy reviews)
- [ ] 1 week (default)

> - [ ] Best effort (very non-urgent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Best effort (no urgency)
```

Pull request:

- [ ] Opened against the correct base branch
- [ ] Verify that all status checks have passed
- [ ] Verify that preview environment has successfully deployed

> - [ ] Add all required reviewers if they are not part of assigned groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify that preview environment deployed successfully
- [ ] Add additional reviewers if they are not part of assigned groups
```
My thinking on the second one is that the alias for the product education group is already being assigned, and to refer to outside reviewers as "required" when they don't have any permissions in the repo is a can of worms that I don't think is worth opening.

Content:

- [ ] Add redirects for any moved or removed pages
- [ ] Follow the [Education style guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/tree/main/docs/style-guide)

> - [ ] Look at the local or Vercel build to make sure the content renders correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I added redirects for any moved or removed pages
- [ ] I followed the [Education style guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/tree/main/docs/style-guide)
- [ ] I looked at the local or Vercel build to make sure the content renders correctly
```
